Xiaowei
I'll gather all the celebrities in Sea City tonight
To hold this connecting party for you
Why did you bring this woman?
Because he means so much to me.
A talented painter
He actually got together with a lowly maid
It's absurd
You didn't hear the last time
The more couples celebrate their wedding anniversary?
It's really that the upper beam is not right and the lower beam is crooked.
You say such a lowly maid
It means a lot to you.
Xiaomei, you are crazy
Madam, don't blame the young master
It's because I like to draw.
That's why I pestered the young master to let me know
Madam, if you don't like it
I'm leaving now.
understand
You are not a child anymore.
I didn't hear the killing spirit say he was leaving
In front of so many guests
It's outrageous.
Let go, brother-in-law is right
I am not a child anymore.
You can make your own choices.
and
I have another present for your sister today.
She must stay
Come, you can report to me. It's a performance here.